# 1.18.2-v2.0.0
Updated to 1.18.2 and revamped all structures.

## Tower
- Updated visuals to include basalt support beams, blackstone bands, and improved mossy/cracked stone brick distribution.
- Now generates with 5-7 floors.
	- 1 entry room
	- 3-5 spawner room (Zombie, Skeleton, or Spider)
	- 1 Vex room at the top
- Added 2 new spawner rooms for every mob (Zombie, Skeleton, Spider, and Vex) bringing the total rooms for each type up to 3.
	- Each room can only generate once per tower, so there will be no more duplicate rooms.
	- Improves variation.
- Added 2 new entry rooms bringing the total up to 3.
- Towers have a 30% chance to generated as infested.
	- Infested towers replace 5% of their stone bricks with cobwebs.
	- Any block in the tower that can be infested by Silverfish has a 7% chance to be infested.
- Updated the loot in the chests to be more unique to the tower instead of just using the vanilla dungeon chest.
- Mobs that spawn in the tower can spawn in sky light levels between 0 and 14.
	- This makes the tower just as difficult during the day as it would be at night since mobs still spawn.
- Contains a map leading to the Reanimated Ruins.

## Reanimated Ruins (Formerly Buried Dungeon)
- Now generates as a large series of connected rooms with one main loot room in the middle.
- Has 3 variations:
	- Mossy
		- Generates with cobblestone, mossy cobblestone, and grass.
		- Spawns zombies, drowned, and slimes.
		- Contains a map leading to the Warped Garden.
	- Desert
		- Generates with terracotta, red sandstone, and granite.
		- Spawns zombies, husks, skeletons.
		- Contains a map leading to the Leviathan.
	- Snowy
		- Generates with diorite, calcite ice, and snow.
		- Spawns skeletons, strays, and cave spiders.
		- Contains a map leading to the Snowy Temple.

## Leviathan
- Fully reworked to be far more rewarding and interesting.
- Generates as the old skeleton on top with a temple underground, entered through an excavation site in the mouth.
- The temple underground has 4 loot rooms and spawns husks and creepers. 
- Be sure to check for traps as this temple seems to worship creepers.

## Snowy Temple
- Fully redesigned from the ground up.
	- Now takes on a more tower-like design with multiple floors filled with strays.

## End Ruins
- Added some more variation.
- Comes with pre-spawned endermen and phantoms.
- Generates on solid land more reliably.

## Warped Garden
- Redesigned to be much larger.
	- Generates with one large central room connected to the other old rooms using winding paths.
- Only generates in deep oceans now.

## Soul Prison
- 