# 1.18.2-v1.2.0
Updated to 1.18.2 and revamped all structures.

# Structures
- Redid how all structure configs work. They now rely on tags instead of hard-set values in the config.
	- This makes adjusting biomes through updates easier since users won't need to reset their config file.
	- If you want to change what biomes the structure can generate in, keep in mind that tags cannot be mixed with raw biome IDs. In 1.19, this is resolved, but for this version, use datapacks to modify biomes.
- All structures have a default probability of 75%. This allows for users to make a structure more or less common as they see fit.
- Adjusted generation rates for every structure to feel a bit more in line with vanilla structure rarities.

## Tower
- Updated visuals to include basalt support beams, blackstone bands, and improved mossy/cracked stone brick distribution.
- Now generates with 5-7 floors.
	- 1 entry room
	- 3-5 spawner room (Zombie, Skeleton, or Spider)
	- 1 Vex room at the top
- Added 2 new spawner rooms for every mob (Zombie, Skeleton, Spider, and Vex) bringing the total rooms for each type up to 3.
	- Each room can only generate once per tower, so there will be no more duplicate rooms.
	- Improves variation.
- Added 2 new entry rooms bringing the total up to 3.
- Towers have a 30% chance to generated as infested.
	- Infested towers replace 5% of their stone bricks with cobwebs.
	- Any block in the tower that can be infested by Silverfish has a 7% chance to be infested.
- Updated the loot in the chests to be more unique to the tower instead of just using the vanilla dungeon chest.
- Mobs that spawn in the tower can spawn in sky light levels between 0 and 14.
	- This makes the tower just as difficult during the day as it would be at night since mobs still spawn.
- Contains a map leading to the Reanimated Ruins.
- Now only generates in forests and mountains (no longer in plains).

## Reanimated Ruins (Formerly Buried Dungeon)
- Now generates as a large series of connected rooms with one main loot room in the middle.
- Has 3 variations:
	- Mossy
		- Generates with cobblestone, mossy cobblestone, and grass.
		- Spawns zombies, drowned, and slimes.
		- Contains a map leading to the Warped Garden.
		- Found in swamp biomes.
	- Mesa
		- Generates with terracotta, red sandstone, and granite.
		- Spawns zombies, husks, skeletons.
		- Contains a map leading to the Leviathan.
		- Found in badlands biomes.
	- Snowy
		- Generates with diorite, calcite ice, and snow.
		- Spawns skeletons, strays, and cave spiders.
		- Contains a map leading to the Snowy Temple.
		- Found in snowy plains biomes.

## Leviathan
- Fully reworked to be far more rewarding and interesting.
- Generates as the old skeleton on top with a temple underground, entered through an excavation site in the mouth.
- The temple underground has 4 loot rooms and spawns husks and creepers. 
	- Each room has a lever. Flipping all of them will unlock a hidden room.
- Contains the Leviathan Blade.
- Husks that spawn here will drop sand on death (configurable).
- Husks that spawn here have a 3% chance (configurable) of wielding the Leviathan Blade.

## Snowy Temple
- Fully redesigned from the ground up.
	- Now takes on a more tower-like design with multiple floors filled with strays.
- Contains the Frosted Cowl.
- Strays that spawn here will drop ice on death (configurable).
- Strays that spawn here have a 3% chance (configurable) of wearing the Frosted Cowl.

## Warped Garden
- Redesigned to be much larger.
	- Generates with one large central room connected to the other old rooms using winding paths.
- Only generates in deep oceans now.
- Exclusively spawns Drowned now.
- Contains the Warped Axe.
- Any Drowned that spawn here have a 30% chance (configurable) of holding a random coral as opposed to only the ones from the spawners.
- Drowned that spawn here have a 3% chance (configurable) of wielding the Warped Axe.
- Now only generates in deep oceans.

## Soul Prison
- Contains the Soul Cannon.
- Now naturally spawns ghasts and skeletons in the structure.
- Skeletons that spawn here have a 3% chance (configurable) of holding the Soul Cannon.

## End Ruins
- Added some more variation.
- Comes with pre-spawned endermen and phantoms.
- Generates on solid land more reliably.

# New Items!

## Leviathan Blade

A large, gilded, sword created from the teeth of a leviathan. The blade's heavy size results in a slower swing speed, while the blessing of the leviathan enhances the user and weakens enemies.

- The material slots itself roughly between diamond and iron.
	- 1000 Durability
	- 6.5 Attack Damage
	- 1.4 Attack Speed (slower than a sword, faster than an axe)
	- Repaired with bone blocks
	- Grants +10% knockback resistance.
	- Afflicts whatever you hit with 2 seconds of weakness.
- Enchantments:
	- Receives all enchantments that a sword would.
- Found in the Leviathan

## Warped Axe

Forged originally in The Nether with warped plants, this axe as been gifted with the blessing of teleportation. Using it as a throwing axe proves invaluable, teleporting you to whoever it hits.

- Behaves as a gold/iron hybrid.
	- 312 Durability
	- 9 Attack Damage
	- 0.8 Attack Speed
	- 10 Mining Speed (faster than netherite, slower than gold)
	- Repaired with gold ingots
- Can be thrown:
	- If the axe hits an entity, the user will be teleported to the entity. Teleportation will result in damage to the user, equal to an ender pearl. The axe will also go on cooldown for 3 seconds, where it will not be throwable.
	- If the axe hits the ground, nothing happens and it simply sticks there.
	- If thrown underwater, it moves slower, but is still usable at short-medium range.
- Enchantments:
	- It can recieve all normal axe enchantments through the enchanting table.
	- Since this is primarily a weapon, it also recieves damage enchantments, like sharpness, through the enchanting table.
	- As a throwable item, it may be enchanted with loyalty.
- Found in the Warped Garden

## Frozen Cowl

A piece of clothing created by the strays, imbued with special cold protection properties despite its appearance.

- Behaves similarly to chain armor
	- 110 Durability
	- +2 Armor
	- Reparied with wool
	- Can be dyed just like leather armor
- While worn:
	- Immunity to freezing, like from powder snow.
	- Prevents the slowness effect from affecting you when equiped (existing slowness is not removed).
		- Preventing slowness costs 2 durability.
- Found in the Frozen Temple

## Soul Cannon

A mysterious invention fueled from the user's soul. This weapon may be used to launch fireballs similar to a ghast at the cost of the user's energy.

- Usage:
	- Charge with left click and then release to shoot a fireball.
	- Using the weapon consumes hunger.
		- If your hunger is too low, it will start consuming you instead.
	- Can be repaired with ghast tears.
- The Fireball:
	- Has the same base power as a ghast fireball.
	- Will explode on impact or after 1 second of travel.
	- Can be deflected, resetting the fuse and increasing the explosion power by one (up to 8).
- Enchantments:
	- Unbreaking, Mending, and Curse of Vanishing: Work as expected.
	- Knockback: The item causes knockback when punching and the fireballs cause extra knockback to entities around them.
	- Flame: Lights the target on fire if you land a direct hit. Places fire around the explosion.
	- Multishot: Shoots 3 fireballs with a 15° separation. Each fireball has reduced damage compared to a single shot, and produces no explosion damage, only hurting on impact.
		- Although multishot can only be level 1 normally, if you can somehow get level 2, that is supported.
- Found in the Soul Prison